all right Oh Daddy sorry about that once
again
I'll be taking this though and I'll be
taking these headphones
thank you for your sacrifice I leave
that item for you okay so now if I go
downstairs I can put the big island in
and get whatever right in there I can't
remember once I get here the key to room
309 yes okay give me the key
hold that with my hand oh is it trying
to keep right there and put them on your
back there we go I got it okay so now
put the little things on him they're too
big all right so now I got the key to
room three
oh nine you see so now I put the key in
he goes in
I see you got some problems here
um
can I get down there with this oil
I'll put them oil in for you what do I
need the oil for I guess I'll keep this
for data
um
whoa you don't want me to go deal fruits
I'm sorry I'm gonna put the sword in the
keyhole going there what if I did leave
the sword
okay I put the sword in there oh I did
the idiot maybe he can fight this piggy
over here
like that maybe bang you can fight the
piggy from behind through a little Gap
there let's try that go bunny
yeah he's doing it
I just killed him that was pretty easy
and then I got the sealed and then I get
the sealed
now give it the bunny I give it to him
and then we put him right here go now
we've got the field
go
Al yeah no you're not working
Oh I thought so I just needed this I'm
extra attack where did the bunny go here
clean this fire goes through the grades
[Music]
genius idea
oh my God
dang I'm here we go with him we did that
no I just gotta get down there good work
Mr Turtle your bravery will not go on
your boarded yeah we got to see what
this is
some kind of oil mixing
oops I didn't mean to do that let's put
the moyo in here then why we're all done
can you put that back on apparently not
all right then I put it deeper
what the hell poisonous guys is this
mustard guys this is a deagle oh my God
the boy is overflowing what if I rotate
him now we can make it do a trail
did you try to fill that up David leave
it leave it baby
leave it and now I could get the ticket
ah good work Mr Bunny you did an amazing
job now the ticket is mine
here we are we got three tickets but it
looks like we're going to have Infinity
ticket okay three tickets now we need
more tickets hmm what the hell would
this do then
yes I knew I recognized this shape
perfect to go in here not the oil can
but this thing and then
oh yes
maybe I just keep it for data
doing
damn it can I wake up the whole day with
World building
yeah
damn it hello sir we did like a whisper
doing
um
what is
where the water stops nobody knows this
is it with a wheel day all right yeah
the Little Wheel they need more water in
it
but it needs more pressure wait a second
can the turtle attack those barrels go
turtle
get a barrel Turtle get him
oh he didn't do anything what about the
rabbit go rabbit get your bubbles
get him
why can't you attack him
um what if I put the turtle here
in the Wizard bunny here
then the body is attacked well rickety
in about was exposing it and then we put
the bunny here
and there's a bunny
[Music]
didn't do anything whether he's a bunny
attack the water pump now
foreign
keep it up we're gonna put the
headphones on myself
oh my God it's falling asleep
I'm so sleepy what it makes me sleepy
why would I want to go this deep and
where would I want to go to sleep might
it makes anyone sleepy
all right maybe I want to make you
they won't make him sleepy
you wanna be sleepy sir I request you be
sleepy give it to him put him on damn it
fine I guess they're gonna make someone
else
do you want to be sleepy sir
come here you don't want to be sleepy
maybe this heart attack man wants to be
sleepy I don't know why it would just
see go just go to sleep no he doesn't
want to be sleeping but if I put these
headphones on you no no headphones why
did these attached to here wait I didn't
I keep making put him on without me
inside of him I mean wait like ghosts
inside of him there he is all right and
now the head pointer here I go to die to
him and then I grabbed the headphones
myself and I bought them on
and then I before the Deep it's got the
foreign
yes and now I can burn it head off
I missed I did the dipping like a baby
yeah what thing it will fit the weather
for me what you do on here we did the
article
oh it's free to presume
yes
read it and then I have to turn into a
ghost to make if that's freeze freeze my
pretty
all right look at that it's the article
there we go and now I opened it up and I
got the eyes dog
the cat and kid him
yes I killed the key team
name is a kid in Kitty town probably
dating me right can I keep deep within
two oh again it's time to die Kitty yes
I'm just gonna hit you with your head
yeah
yeah okay bite her up kitty yeah
damn it's so close I've got to hit him
if it's a bad thing I do ah Nabbit ah I
hate him that counts Kitty ah
[Music]
I ain't even the foot die you stupid
kitty maybe I can break your stupid
teeth in this thing up I broke it yes ah
give me come on ah I did it suck suck a
kitty suck it my winner Brown drown like
the scum you are do I go to save him
maybe I have to save him but I don't
really want to save him I didn't make
the kitty what's the password
[Music]
three four
two three four five there's five
right oh he killed me one by one one two
yeah
four
no it's five two five two four yeah yeah
three
five two four three wait where the [__]
to go oh there you are well you don't
have anything to hit you with wait hang
on a second
[Music]
five two four three
I did that give me the ticket of a
ticket tickets yes more
Now give me more I want more tickets
give me this other one give me this one
damn it why can't I just take it from
the back of the machine they're giving
missing more tickets do I need 40 good
but that is four I took one back
come to Daddy
[Music]
you suck I got your CD I did it hello
you found the comeback did didn't you
give me give me okay yeah he's a stupid
uh disc come back disc three you got it
hundreds of hours of free internet huh
we died for being that is pretty weird
they maintenance you finished
discouraging hunt ah yes I did it
I did a bit farther than you but not bad
for it's right I hate you well I'm going
to hit you when I'm back there come on
back to hey Siri no show you okay
all right grab this for the instructions
wait what I'm probably gonna put this in
here right
put it down oh I'm getting excited
there's one more thing to do
yeah
oh here he's introduction see you guys
in there
play
[Music]
oh my God he's gonna kill him
what's happening
today I use up the contact disk how do I
recharge it I don't know you're the one
telling the story
[Music]
what the hell is you oh you two must be
here for this girl promotion that's me
oh hang on hang on I did the work not
him I want the promotion no team I could
tell you that boy's stuff you found good
job
let's get this is everything over with
what don't happen congratulations you're
only 109 levels away from the internship
program oh my God
and out for you how about the high for a
Chris pay five only yeah
don't touch
[Music]
yourself one day and maybe that day
I'll be the one handing you the pen I
don't think so I won't be one hand to do
this
mate and you're gonna take it just stand
there and take it